c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Boilerplate.Web.Mvc5.Sample.dll.config
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Boilerplate.Web.Mvc5.Sample.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Boilerplate.Web.Mvc5.Sample.pdb
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\AntiXssLibrary.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.Owin.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Autofac.Integration.Owin.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Boilerplate.Web.Mvc5.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Elmah.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Elmah.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Glimpse.AspNet.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Glimpse.Core.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Glimpse.Elmah.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Glimpse.Mvc5.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\HtmlSanitizationLibrary.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\NWebsec.Core.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\NWebsec.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\NWebsec.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\NWebsec.Owin.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\AntiXssLibrary.xml
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.Owin.xml
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Autofac.Integration.Owin.xml
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Boilerplate.Web.Mvc5.pdb
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Boilerplate.Web.Mvc5.xml
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\HtmlSanitizationLibrary.xml
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\NWebsec.xml
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\NWebsec.Core.xml
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\NWebsec.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\NWebsec.Owin.xml
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\Boilerplate.Web.Mvc5.Sample.dll
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\Boilerplate.Web.Mvc5.Sample.pdb
